DOC: Copy edit 3.0 whatsnew (#63284)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v3.0.0.rst

Missing
^^^^^^^
- Bug in :meth:`DataFrame.fillna` and :meth:`Series.fillna` that would ignore the ``limit`` argument on :class:`.ExtensionArray` dtypes (:issue:`58001`)
- Bug in :meth:`MultiIndex.fillna` error message was referring to ``isna`` instead of ``fillna`` (:issue:`60974`)
- Bug in :meth:`NA.__and__`, :meth:`NA.__or__` and :meth:`NA.__xor__` when operating with ``np.bool_`` objects (:issue:`58427`)
- Bug in ``divmod`` between :class:`NA` and ``Int64`` dtype objects (:issue:`62196`)
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.replace` and :meth:`DataFrame.replace` when trying to replace :class:`NA` values in a :class:`Float64Dtype` object with ``np.nan``; this now works with ``pd.set_option("mode.nan_is_na", False)`` and is irrelevant otherwise (:issue:`55127`)

> - Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.replace` and :meth:`DataFrame.replace` when trying to replace :class:`np.nan` values in a :class:`Int64Dtype` object with :class:`NA`; this is now a no-op with ``pd.set_option("mode.nan_is_na", False)`` and is irrelevant otherwise (:issue:`51237`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.replace` and :meth:`DataFrame.replace` when trying to replace :class:`NA` values in a :class:`Float64Dtype` object with ``np.nan``; this now works with ``pd.set_option("future.distinguish_nan_and_na", True)`` and is irrelevant otherwise (:issue:`55127`)
- Fixed bug in :meth:`Series.replace` and :meth:`DataFrame.replace` when trying to replace :class:`np.nan` values in a :class:`Int64Dtype` object with :class:`NA`; this is now a no-op with ``pd.set_option("future.distinguish_nan_and_na", True)`` and is irrelevant otherwise (:issue:`51237`)
```

That seems to have been an oversight in the renaming PR
